uh Marsha no should I call you dr.
fieldstone dr. Marsha doc dr. Marsh I
don't mean to be rude oh and I don't
want to invade your privacy sure you do
go on Sam
I'm listening Sam we had a pretty tough
time there at first
hmm but we're dealing with it and Jonah
and I will get along just fine
again as soon as I break his radio I
have no doubt that you're a wonderful
father you know you can tell a lot from
a person's voice you certainly can but
something must be missing if Jonah still
feels that you're under a cloud and just
a few questions are you sleeping at
night he doesn't sleep at all how do you
know that I live here dad
look it's Christmas Oh Maggie she really
did it and she she loved
she made everything beautiful and it's
it's just tough this this time of year
me any kid needs a mother could it be
that you need someone just as much as
Jonah does yes don't answer that
let's get into that right after these
messages Sam Jonah don't go away
if you've just tuned in we're talking to
Sleepless in Seattle and we'll be right
back after this break with your must
know here's mom's what is she talking
about
listen other people get to call in and
dump on what you said Oh
getting old a tomato and I broke this is
really fun old man help
[Music]
you